what's up fishtank people this is aqua
Holland and today I came home from work
and look at what I got going on here see
them
those are convict cichlids and these two
guys right here I should say guy and gal
they are protecting them big time now
for anyone who owns convict cichlids
everybody knows that these things breed
like rabbits worse than rabbits I mean
they've been trying out for the last
couple days they've been digging up a
couple spots I've been digging up down
in there up front here trying to build a
little nest for them but they just got
fed up with it and laid it right on that
nice flat surface right there try to get
a better view here check these guys out
that's what convict cichlids look like
and when they lay their eggs they are
very very protective as you can see
they're kind of chaser on the fish a
couple minutes ago my male convict the
big guy right there he went after the
Oscar when he got too close and actually
took him on I mean the Oscars easily you
know about twice his size so
oh yeah oh yeah that was pricking that
shows how protective they are of their
little babies but I'm hoping to get some
sweet sexy little babies out of these
guys here I mean it should be pretty
cool I read about it and a couple days
from now they'll drop off that rock and
they'll be down in the gravel and then I
think it takes a couple more days for
them to actually become fish so it takes
a little bit but it's gonna be worth the
wait I'm gonna keep you guys updated on
the convict cichlids fry if they survive
if they can hold off all these other
cichlids and so far they're doing a good
job they're keeping the area clear but
that's my update on my 55 gallon and
hopefully soon-to-be baby convicts
that's all for tonight folks like
comment subscribe thanks